[4094] Create landing page for reference docs (#4111)
GetStream/stream-chat-android: DokkaRoot.md

# Official Android SDK for [Stream Chat](https://getstream.io/chat/sdk/android/)

> This is the official Android SDK for [Stream Chat](https://getstream.io/chat/sdk/android/), a service for building chat and messaging applications. This library includes both a low-level chat SDK and a set of reusable UI components. Most users start with the UI components, and fall back to the lower level API when they want to customize things.

<br />
<p align="left">
  <a href="https://github.com/GetStream/stream-chat-android/actions"><img src="https://github.com/GetStream/stream-chat-android/workflows/Build%20and%20test/badge.svg" /></a>
  <a href="https://android-arsenal.com/api?level=21"><img alt="API" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/API-21%2B-brightgreen.svg?style=flat"/></a>
  <a href="https://github.com/GetStream/stream-chat-android/releases"><img src="https://img.shields.io/github/v/release/GetStream/stream-chat-android" /></a>
</p>

### 🔗 Quick Links

* [Register](https://getstream.io/chat/trial/): Create an account and get an API key for Stream Chat

> * [Chat Tutorial](https://getstream.io/tutorials/android-chat/#kotlin): Learn the basics of the SDK by by building a simple messaging app (Kotlin or Java)

Reviewer: I would also maybe mention the compose tutorial under this

Reviewer: Alternatively, we could restructure this a bit to feature sections:

### Quick Links

* Register

**Tutorials**
* Compose
* UI Components

**Sample Apps**
* Compose
* UI Components
* Android Samples repo

**Documentation**
* Client
* UI Components
* Compose
* API Docs
* Core team planning
* UI Team planning

* [UI Components sample app](/stream-chat-android-ui-components-sample): Full messaging app with threads, reactions, optimistic UI updates and offline storage
* [Compose UI Components sample app](/stream-chat-android-compose-sample): Messaging sample app built with Jetpack Compose!
* [Client Documentation](https://getstream.io/chat/docs/android/?language=kotlin)
* [UI Components Documentation](https://getstream.io/chat/docs/sdk/android/)
* [Compose UI Components Documentation](https://getstream.io/chat/docs/sdk/android/compose/overview/)
* [API docs](https://getstream.github.io/stream-chat-android/): Full generated docs from Dokka

> * [Jetpack Compose Planning](https://github.com/orgs/GetStream/projects/6): Jetpack Compose public project management board and milestone overview

Reviewer: This shouldn't be Jetpack Compose, but rather UI Team, also, we can feature Core planning too!

### V5 Migration Guide

For upgrading from V4 to V5, please refer to the [V5 Migration Guide](https://getstream.io/chat/docs/sdk/android/client/guides/chatdomain-migration/)

### Changelog

> Check out the [changelog](https://github.com/GetStream/stream-chat-android/releases) to see the latest changes in the package.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Check out the [changelog](https://github.com/GetStream/stream-chat-android/releases) to see the latest changes in each of our releases.
```

## Getting started

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There are only a few steps to get started with Stream!

* First, you need to add our dependency to the project.
* Second, you need to set up our Client to communicate to the API.
* Third, connect our Components to ViewModels to show data.
* (Optional) Alternatively, you can skip using our components and build your custom UI powered by our data and persistence.

Let's cover some of these steps.
```

### Add dependency
Add one of the three packages below to your dependencies for your `module/app` level `build.gradle` file:

```groovy
repositories {
  google()
  mavenCentral()
  maven { url "https://jitpack.io" }
  jcenter()
}

dependencies {
  // Client + offline + UI components

>   implementation "io.getstream:stream-chat-android-ui-components:$stream_version"

Reviewer: I would mention compose here as a dependency

# Official Android SDK for [Stream Chat](https://getstream.io/chat/sdk/android/)

> This is the official Android SDK for [Stream Chat](https://getstream.io/chat/sdk/android/), a service for building chat and messaging applications. This library includes both a low-level chat SDK and a set of reusable UI components. Most users start with the UI components, and fall back to the lower level API when they want to customize things.

<br />
<p align="left">
  <a href="https://github.com/GetStream/stream-chat-android/actions"><img src="https://github.com/GetStream/stream-chat-android/workflows/Build%20and%20test/badge.svg" /></a>
  <a href="https://android-arsenal.com/api?level=21"><img alt="API" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/API-21%2B-brightgreen.svg?style=flat"/></a>
  <a href="https://github.com/GetStream/stream-chat-android/releases"><img src="https://img.shields.io/github/v/release/GetStream/stream-chat-android" /></a>
</p>

### 🔗 Quick Links

* [Register](https://getstream.io/chat/trial/): Create an account and get an API key for Stream Chat

> 

Reviewer 2: What do you think about adding the [Maker Account](https://getstream.io/maker-account/) link here too?

> Small teams and individuals can also apply for a [Maker Account](https://getstream.io/maker-account/) that allows you to use Startup Plan for free.

* [Android Samples Repo](https://github.com/GetStream/Android-Samples): This repository contains sample projects, guides, tutorials, and links to helpful resources to help you get started with Android Stream SDK.

#### Documentation
* [Client Documentation](https://getstream.io/chat/docs/android/?language=kotlin)
* [UI Components Documentation](https://getstream.io/chat/docs/sdk/android/)
* [Compose UI Components Documentation](https://getstream.io/chat/docs/sdk/android/compose/overview/)
* [UI Team Planning](https://github.com/orgs/GetStream/projects/6): UI Team public project management board and milestone overview
* [Core Team Planning](https://github.com/orgs/GetStream/projects/7): Core Team public project management board and milestone overview

### V5 Migration Guide

For upgrading from V4 to V5, please refer to the [V5 Migration Guide](https://getstream.io/chat/docs/sdk/android/client/guides/chatdomain-migration/)

### Changelog

Check out the [changelog](https://github.com/GetStream/stream-chat-android/releases) to see the changes and improvements in each of our releases.

> ## Getting started
> There are only a few steps to get started with Stream!
> 
> * First, you need to add our dependency to the project.
> * Second, you need to set up our Client to communicate to the API.
> * Third, connect our Components to ViewModels to show data.
> * (Optional) Alternatively, you can skip using our components and build your custom UI powered by our data and persistence.

Reviewer 2: What do you think about rephrasing this like the below:

```suggestion
## Getting started
There are only **3 steps** to get started with Stream!

* 1. Add Stream chat SDK dependency to your project.
* 2. Set up Stream chat client to communicate to the API.
* 3. Connect our components to ViewModels to show data.

> Alternatively, you can skip using our UI components and build your custom UI powered by our core SDK.
```

Let's cover some of these steps.
### Add dependency
Add one of the three packages below to your dependencies for your `module/app` level `build.gradle` file:

```groovy
repositories {
  google()
  mavenCentral()

>   maven { url "https://jitpack.io" }

Reviewer 3: we need it

  jcenter()
}

dependencies {
  // Client + offline + Compose
  implementation "io.getstream:stream-chat-android-compose:$stream_version"
  // Client + offline + UI components
  implementation "io.getstream:stream-chat-android-ui-components:$stream_version"
  // Client + offline
  implementation "io.getstream:stream-chat-android-offline:$stream_version"
  // Client only
  implementation "io.getstream:stream-chat-android-client:$stream_version"
}

> 
> ```

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```
```

### Setup API Client

> Firstly, you need to instantiate a chat client. The Chat client will manage API call, event handling and manage the websocket connection to Stream Chat servers. You should only create the client once and re-use it across your application.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
First, you need to instantiate a chat client. The Chat client will manage API calls, event handling, and manage the WebSocket connection to Stream Chat servers. You should only create the client once and reuse it across your application.
```

```kotlin
val apiKey = "{{ api_key }}"
val token = "{{ chat_user_token }}"

val client = ChatClient.Builder(apiKey, applicationContext).build()
```

> Secondly you need authenticate and connect the user.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Next, you need to authenticate and connect the user.
```

```kotlin

> val user = User(
>     id = "summer-brook-2",
>     extraData = mutableMapOf(
>         "name" to "Paranoid Android",
>         "image" to "https://bit.ly/2TIt8NR",
>     ),
> )

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
val user = User(
      id = "summer-brook-2",
      name = "Paranoid Android",
      image = "https://bit.ly/2TIt8NR"
)
```

Reviewer 3: good catch!

client.connectUser(
    user = user,
    token = token, // or client.devToken(userId); if auth is disabled for your app
).enqueue { result ->
    if (result.isSuccess) {
        // Handle success
    } else {
        // Handler error
    }
}
```

The user token is typically provided by your backend when you login or register in the app. If authentication is disabled for your app, you can also use a `ChatClient#devToken` to generate an insecure token for development. Of course, you should never launch into production with authentication disabled.

> For more complex token generation and expiration examples, have a look at [Token Expiration](https://getstream.io/chat/docs/android/tokens_and_authentication/#token-expiration).

Reviewer 2: What do you think about mentioning the [Token Generator](https://getstream.io/chat/docs/react/token_generator/)?
Many new users have asked me about how to generate and test authentication tokens without their backend service.

> ### Logging

Reviewer 3: \I would remove this section and put the sentence below

> By default the Chat Client will write  no logs.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
By default, the SDK will write no logs.
```
